>> Jafar Husain: Next problem we're
gonna do is actually gonna be
a lot more practical.
We're gonna build out an app,
hopefully we have enough time today.
It's gonna be a relatively simple app, but
large size enough that we'll see
how powerful observables can be.
And it's gonna be a Reddit image viewer.
Maybe some of you guys out there
have actually used it, but
we'll sort of make an image viewer.
And actually before I break,
what I'll do is I'll put
the GitHub URL up on the screen,
in case folks want to pull that repo.
Cuz you're gonna be working
independently for most of this.
And then like we did previously with the
project, although I hope you guys actually
definitely work hard to try and make as
much progress on this one as you can.
And then we'll come back and
do it together.
So if you could kindly pull that repo and
give it a try, and
read through the exercise,
that'd be awesome.